Update the migration guide and quick start guide for Modular (#36079)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/modularized-libraries-quickstart.md

> # Getting Started - Azure SDK modularized libraries for JavaScript/TypeScript
> 
> We are excited to introduce the Azure SDK modular libraries for JavaScript/TypeScript, also known as Modular SDKs. These libraries offer enhanced usability, built on top of Azure Core, delivering consistent tooling and out-of-the-box benefits. They also provide greater flexibility with reduced bundle sizes, while minimizing disruptions for existing client users.
> 
> Several packages have already reached General Availability (GA), including `@azure/arm-avs`, `@azure/arm-fabric`, `@azure/arm-oracledatabase`, `@azure/keyvault-admin`. You can find the latest versions of these libraries on [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) and give them a try.
> 
> Modular SDKs are now our recommended approach for both data-plane and management-plane libraries. This quickstart guide walks you through how to begin interacting with Azure management resources using Modular SDKs. For a deeper understanding, visit [the page](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sdk/azure-sdk-modularized-libraries-for-javascript/).
> 
> ## Migrating from an older generation of Azure libraries for JavaScript/TypeScript
> 
> If you're currently using an older generation of the Azure SDK for JavaScript/TypeScript and want to upgrade, refer to our [migration guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/MIGRATION-guide-for-modularized-libraries.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting started – Libraries generated from TypeSpec (Azure JavaScript/TypeScript SDK)

> **Terminology**
>
> - **Libraries generated from TypeSpec**: the latest Azure SDK libraries produced by the **TypeSpec Emitter**  
>   *(previously referred to as “modularized libraries” or “Modular SDKs”)*  
> - **Libraries generated with AutoRest**: the previous generation produced by the **AutoRest Code Generator**

Libraries generated from TypeSpec offer layered APIs, smaller bundles, and cleaner ergonomics—while remaining familiar to existing users of the Azure SDK for JavaScript/TypeScript.

Several packages are already GA, including `@azure/arm-avs`, `@azure/arm-fabric`, `@azure/arm-oracledatabase`, and `@azure/keyvault-admin`. Find the latest versions on **npm**: <https://www.npmjs.com>.

This quickstart walks you through managing Azure resources using a TypeSpec‑generated management library. For an overview, see:  
<https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sdk/azure-sdk-modularized-libraries-for-javascript/>

## Migrating from older libraries

If you’re upgrading from **libraries generated with AutoRest**, use the migration guide:  
<https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/documentation/MIGRATION-guide-for-modularized-libraries.md>
```
